c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\bin\Debug\Templates\DeepSearch.deepsearch
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\bin\Debug\Templates\DeepSearch.vsdir
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\bin\Debug\DeepSearch.dll
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\bin\Debug\DeepSearch.pdb
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\bin\Debug\DeepSearch.pkgdef
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\bin\Debug\DeepSearch.vsix
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\bin\Debug\extension.vsixmanifest
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\Interop.tom.dll
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\DeepSearch.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\MyControl.baml
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\MyControl.g.cs
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\DeepSearch_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\DeepSearch.g.resources
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\VSPackage.resources
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\deadcode.DeepSearch.EditorPane.resources
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\deadcode.DeepSearch.EditorTextBox.resources
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\deadcode.DeepSearch.MyEditor.resources
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\deadcode.Resources.resources
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\DeepSearch.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\DeepSearch.cto
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\VSCT.read.1.tlog
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\VSCT.write.1.tlog
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\CtoResourceMerger.cache
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\VSPackage.resources.original
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\DeepSearch.dll
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\DeepSearch.pdb
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\DeepSearch.pkgdef
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\DeepSearch.latest.pkgdef
c:\users\binaryagent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\extension.vsixmanifest
C:\Users\BinaryAgent\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DeepSearch\DeepSearch\obj\Debug\DeepSearch.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
